Company: EPAM

1. Tell me about yourself
2. What is the meaning of du and df  used in Linux
3. Explain NFS file system
4. What is the difference between git fetch and git pull
5. what is the meaning of git commands
   git rebase --continue
   git rebase --aboard
6. Scenario based question 
  there are two branches A & B
  A --> 1 2 3 4 5 6   = 6 commits
  B --> 1 2 3 4 5 6   = 6 commits
 but i only merge 4th commit from branch B to branch A how can you that.

7. they shown one shell script and ask me to explain and what output you are getting
8. They ask me to write a expression based shell script   
9. they asked scenario based question on find command and grep command
10. What are the types of load balencer. what type of load balancer you used.
11. explain how load balancer are helping for auto scaling
12. Scenario based question on VPC
    You have PostgreSQL database in private subnet and i want to access that database from outside vpc 
    except NAT gate way what method you are using 
13. what NAT instance
14. They shown me one Jenkins pipeline script and ask me too explain that script.
    It includes master slave connection
                Build with parameter, in that they used both string and choice
                One stage checkout code, build image
15. How to pass the variable in that jenkinfile version=1.
16. How to run the two stages simultaneously 
    Example: build and Sonarcube report
17. Tell me test case how to define environmental variables in jenkinsfile without hard coring it.  
18. explain docker volume.
19. they written one docker command and ask me to explain the command and when it has to be used 
    it include --link, -v, -d, 
20. what is meaning of -p 5000:7000
    what is the host port and which one container port
21. In which port we can access the outsider can reach the application
22. what are the object you know in K8s.
23. Explain liveness probe and readiness probe. test case
24. Scenario based question 
    one application is running in the pod now how this application access internet through services.
25. How to communicate the pods which are in different worker nodes within the cluster
26. Explain load balancer service used in k8s.

end
